Update laravel echo doc (#31)
ably/laravel-broadcaster: README.md

});

```

>  Please take a look at [**Ably Laravel Echo Doc**](https://github.com/ably-forks/laravel-echo#readme) for more information related to configuring ably-specific clientOptions and implementing extra features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Please take a look at the [**Ably Laravel Echo Docs**](https://github.com/ably-forks/laravel-echo#readme) for more information related to configuring ably-specific client options and implementing additional features.
```

Author: This has been updated as per suggested change.

    })
```
**Note :**

> - In `Echo.join().here(members => {})` implementation, members are updated every time a client **joins, updates or leaves** the channel, whereas when using Pusher this is only called once for first client entering the channel.
> - Ably follows this behaviour as per standard [PresenceChannel Interface](https://github.com/laravel/echo/blob/master/src/channel/presence-channel.ts#L10).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the `Echo.join().here(members => {})` implementation, members are updated every time a client **joins, updates or leaves** the channel, whereas when using Pusher this is only called once for first client entering the channel.
- This behaviour follows the standard Ably [PresenceChannel Interface](https://github.com/laravel/echo/blob/master/src/channel/presence-channel.ts#L10).
```

Author: Actually, we are talking about `Ably` following the standard Echo PresenceChannel interface https://github.com/laravel/echo/blob/master/src/channel/presence-channel.ts#L10 interface.

Author: I have updated this accordingly : )
